CSS value intro sentence position (#44833)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/background-color/index.md

background-color: unset;
```

### Values

> This property is specified as a single `<color>` value:

Author: ```suggestion
This property is specified as one `<color>` value:
```
